(FAINT RUMBLING)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN CLICKING)
(GUNFIRE)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(POWERING DOWN)
(EXHALES)
(CHUCKLING)
Stop!
(BEEPING)
(TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING)
Oh, bugger!
Not live rounds, Lara.
Oh.
He’s in real pain
right now.
This is a major remodel,
you know.
This is a disaster.
Was it programmed to stop
before it took my head off?
Ah, well,
that would be a, uh, no.
Hmm.
But you said make it
more challenging, so...
Hence, the live fire.
Yeah.
Hmm, live rounds again.
Poor Simon!
What has she done to you?
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(SIGHS)
(GASPS)
Oh, very funny.
I’m only trying to
turn you into a lady.
Hmm.
And a lady should be modest.
Yes, a lady
should be modest.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(BELL TOLLING)
MAN: Brothers and sisters,
today is the 15th of May,
the first day
of the planetary alignment.
And we are still no nearer
to discovering the location
of the key.
It seems we are running
out of time.
This is not acceptable.
Mr. Powell,
your explanation
for this is?
I have no explanation.
Certainly no excuses.
Except to once again
respectfully remind
the council
that we are working
from clues based on ancient
cosmological models,
predating Aristotle.
But I’m happy to announce
that we’re almost ready.
And I am
supremely confident
that we will have our answer
in time for the relevant
planetary alignment.
MAN: So, we will have
possession of the key in...
One week.
Yes, indeed.
MAN: This is good news,
Mr. Powell,
but remember, we have
only a single opportunity
to retrieve the two halves
of the triangle.
And if we fail,
we must wait
another 5,000 years.
Well, I don’t know
about you,
but that’s more time
than I am prepared to commit
to this enterprise.
(CHUCKLES)
We shall be ready.
Trust me.
We’re not, uh,
we’re not ready, are we?
No.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
HILLARY:
Good morning, Lara.
And what a beautiful
morning it is.
Back to work, I’m afraid.
It’s adventure time.
Egypt again.
It’s nothing
but pyramids and sand.
I know, gets everywhere,
in the cracks.
Spanish galleon?
Do you know what day
it is, Hillary?
Yes, of course.
The 15th.
And that is never
a good day.
I miss you, Daddy.
I wish we could
get back the time
that was stolen from us.
LARA: My father would love
to have seen this.
Tonight, Pluto and Neptune
align with Uranus.
It’s the first stage
of the alignment
of all nine planets,
culminating in
a full solar eclipse.
It only happens
once every 5,000 years.
When is the eclipse?
In one week from today.
But there is plenty
to look out for until then.
Incredible.
(MOANING SOFTLY)
(WIND HOWLING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
MAN: I wish you could
remember her.
She loved you so much.
Mummy!
I wish I could
remember her too.
I still have you, Daddy.
Yes, you do.
The exact alignment
of the planets necessary
to activate the triangle
only occurs once
every 5,000 years.
But that will prove to be
just long enough
for little Lara Croft
to grow up...
(ECHOES)
And to find it.
(TICKING ECHOES)
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
(TICKING CONTINUES)
(FAINT TICKING)
(TICKING GETS LOUDER)
(TICKING CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
(CLANGING)
(TICKING)
LARA: Bryce!
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Hello, fellas.
How’s business?
Bryce!
(KNOCKING)
Okay, okay.
I’m coming. I’m coming.
We have 83 rooms.
Why can’t you
live in the house?
Well, I’m a free spirit, me.
Right.
(SNIFFING)
What’s that smell?
5:00 a.m.
Let’s go.
This had better be good.
(TICKING)
(YAWNS) It’s a clock.
I found it last night.
It was ticking.
Must be one of them
ticking clocks, eh?
It was hidden
in a secret room.
Ooh!
Bryce, don’t start.
Well, Lara, it’s a clock.
It ticks, it tells the time.
It’s wrong.
It started ticking last night
during the first stage
of the alignment.
Oh.
(SIGHS) Well,
gonna need some coffee.
(WHIRS)
BRYCE: Okay, in we go.
Looks pretty ordinary
to me.
Well, keep looking.
Your coffee, sir.
Decaf latte
with non-fat milk.
Oh, champion.
Steaming sump oil.
Wait.
What did you do?
I don’t know.
What did I do?
Where is that?
I don’t know.
I just took my hand
off the fiber optics.
What is that?
Oh, bugger!
Bugger.
Screw 13 to quadrant four.
Screw 14 to quadrant three.
HILLARY:
Oh, please.
It’s my map so I know
where they all came from.
It’s camouflage.
(EXCLAIMS)
Okay.
Hidden within.
(SCOFFS)
What is that?
The all seeing eye.
Lot 121, a Louis XV
ormolu mounted bracket clock.
Showing on my left.
£1,800,000.
£1,800,000. Thank you.
One million eight.
1,900,000.
£2,000,000.
£2,000,000 now.
2,100,000.
£2,100,000 now.
£2,100,000.
Any advance on £2,100,000?
Anymore? £2,100,000.
2,200,000. Thank you, sir.
£2,200,000 now.
At 2,200,000.
2,300,000.
Two million three.
2,400,000.
Lady’s bid, £2,400,000.
Against you, sir.
Two million five? No.
2,400,000 pounds, then.
Lady’s bid
at two million four.
£2,500,000.
In a new place
at £2,500,000.
(RELIEVED SIGH)
Anymore at £2,500,000?
Sold.
(AUCTIONEER CONTINUES)
Lara, my dear.
Mr. Wilson.
Let’s go into my study.
Let me take that for you.
Lara Croft.
I don’t believe it.
I’ll just be a minute.
Hi.
You, uh, still pretending
to be a photo journalist?
You know,
I think it’s really cool
that you still have a day job,
even though it’s obviously
just for show.
So, Alex,
are you still pretending
to be an archeologist?
Lara, do we always
have to fight like this?
I mean, maybe we don’t.
Mmm, maybe we do.
Why?
You stole
my prayer wheels.
Stole? Stole?
From you?
You know, that’s funny.
You know, it’s...
It’s not like you
ever really owned them
or anything.
Hey, you’re the tomb raider.
MAN: Mr. West,
we are ready for you.
Oh, I think
your clients need you.
Go ahead.
You’re wanted
on the floor.
After all, as you
once said so memorably,
"It’s all just a business."
Right?
So, go do business.
Go.
Lara.
Lara, you...
(STAMMERS)
Oh, geez!
Ladies and gentlemen...
Lara, this is
a unique object.
Only one of the dials
is working.
It glows like the eye,
lesser.
But it seems
to be getting brighter.
And it’s also
running backwards.
Like it’s not so much
keeping time, but counting
down to something.
Yes.
And look at the back.
It’s as though it fits into
something, almost like a key.
Yes. Yes, fascinating.
Incredibly beautiful.
My father once told me
of a magical triangle stamped
with the all seeing eye.
He said
it gave its possessor
extraordinary power.
The power to control time.
He called it
the triangle of light.
Have you heard of it?
No. No, I haven’t.
He always steered
his own course,
your father.
He was a great man.
Would you like some port?
It’s really very fine.
No.
I can’t help you, Lara.
This clock
truly is a mystery.
(PHONE RINGING)
LARA: Hello.
MAN: (ON PHONE) Lara?
Hello, it’s Mr. Wilson.
Yes. Well, I...
You see, I had
a second thought
about that clock.
There is a man
who may be able
to help you.
I gave him your number.
His name is Manfred Powell.
You should see him.
Oh, thank you.
I will.
Good-bye, Lara.
You take care.
Thank you.
(EXPLOSION)
Bugger.
(BEEPS)
Forgive me.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Lady Croft.
Ah, Mr. Powell.
Oh, no, no, no.
Good heavens, no.
I’m actually his,
uh, his associate,
uh, Mr. Pimms.
Mr. Pimms?
Yeah, like the beverage.
(CHUCKLES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Yeah, she’s here.
What does Mr. Powell do?
He’s a lawyer.
I’m his law clerk.
And fairly
recent appointment,
but enjoying it,
all the varied work.
A lawyer.
Isn’t it obvious?
Lady Croft, my pleasure.
Manfred Powell, Q.C.
Good morning.
I believe you are
quite an authority
on things ancient
and mythological.
Well, I travel.
No, no, Mr. Wilson
said you were quite
the archeologist.
Please.
Oh, he’s very sweet.
He knew your father,
I believe.
Yes,
they were great friends.
I had the honor of
meeting him myself once,
in Venice.
I was so sorry
to hear about his death.
This is the clock
I spoke of.
Very interesting.
It’s a shame you only
brought photographs.
Nevertheless,
it is fascinating.
You said it started ticking
the night of the alignment.
Yes.
You said
you were a lawyer?
Yes.
And the study of clocks
is a hobby?
This is an obsession.
Really my specialty.
My practice centers
around antiquities.
Hmm.
But the origin
of this clock
completely eludes me.
I think I’ve never seen
anything quite so beautiful
that I know so little about.
This is
a pleasurable torment.
My ignorance amuses me.
"My ignorance amuses me."
(SCOFFS)
"My ignorance amuses me"?
Yes, well, I’ve always
found your ignorance
quite amusing.
Powell, however,
is not ignorant.
No?
No.
He’s a liar.
(THUNDERCLAP)
(CLASSICAL PIANO MUSIC
PLAYING)
Anything you need?
No. Thank you, Hillary.
Don’t you stay up
too late.
I won’t.
(THUNDERCLAP)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Ow ♪
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
Forward team,
wait for my command.
(THUNDERCLAP)
MAN 2: (OVER RADIO)
In position
awaiting your order.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BEEPING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Hmm.
(SIREN WAILING)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
(BEEPING)
(SIREN WAILING)
(EXCLAIMS)
(GRUNTS)
Bastards!
(GUNSHOTS)
(GLASS BREAKING)
Bloody hell!
(GASPS)
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
On the left. On the left.
(GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
(BEEPING)
Come on, Simon, come on!
Come on. Come on!
Bugger!
(THUNDERCLAP)
(MAN GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
(ALARM BLARING)
(BEEPING)
BRYCE: (OVER RADIO)
Lara, Lara, are you there?
Pick up!
Lara, can you hear me?
Are you okay?
Bryce, I’m in
the equipment room.
They’re stealing
my bloody clock.
BRYCE:
I know. I saw them.
Bryce, you have
to be my eyes.
Are you armed?
After a fashion, yes.
All right, three bad guys.
Number one standing by
the Aston martin.
Right.
Bingo!
(GUNFIRE)
(GRUNTS)
Next.
Okay, number two,
crouched by the McLaren.
(GRUNTS)
Oh, bugger!
BRYCE: Are you okay?
LARA: I just found
my car keys.
(CAR ALARM CHIRPS)
(ALARM WAILS)
Ooh, you’re done, mate.
Nice one.
(GRUNTS)
(REVVING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(GROANS)
(THUNDER CLAP)
I think they’ve all gone.
Well, they got
what they came for.
Sorry about that.
(GULPS)
That’s fine.
(BELL TOLLING)
(MUSIC PLAYING OVER STEREO)
(WHISTLING)
Hello?
What the hell
happened here?
(BOTTLE CLATTERING)
Morning.
Lady Lara Croft?
Yes. You have
something for me?
I woke up this morning,
and I just hated everything.
Right.
Hmm.
Thanks.
Who’s Stribling,
Clive and Winterset then?
Sounds like
a bunch of lawyers.
They are
Hmm.
Well, I’ll shut
my face again.
You are nosy.
I’m not nosy.
I just saw the name
and asked her
what the name was.
Lara?
It’s from my father.
It was written
before he died,
and delivered today
as per his instructions.
Blimey!
Holy sh...
(CLEARS THROAT)
LARA: (READING)
"To see a world
in a grain of sand
"and a heaven
in a wild flower,
"hold infinity
in the palm of your hand,
"and eternity
in an hour.
"William Blake."
The all seeing eye.
LORD CROFT:
My darling daughter,
I knew you’d
figure this out.
If you are
reading this letter,
I am no longer with you,
and I miss you.
And love you always
and forever.
It also means
I have failed,
and must place
an awful burden
on your shoulders.
Lara, by now I am sure
you will have discovered
the clock I concealed.
The clock
is the key, Lara.
It will unlock
the hiding place
of two pieces
of a sacred icon.
This is the magical triangle
I told you about
when you were
a little girl.
The triangle of light.
But it is no bedtime story.
The triangle was forged
from metal found
in the crater of a meteor
that had fallen to earth
at the exact moment
of the previous alignment
of the nine planets.
The people of the light
built a great city
in this crater
where they worshipped
the triangle for its ability
to control time.
It gave its possessor
a power
that could be used
for good or great evil.
The abuse of this power
led to the destruction
of the city.
To be sure no man would
ever again wield this power,
they split the triangle
into two pieces
and hid them
at opposite ends
of the earth.
Lara, do you remember
the jasmine that only grows
in one temple along
the ancient Khmer trail
in Cambodia?
Find that and you will
have found the entrance to
the tomb of the dancing light,
where the first half
of the triangle is hidden.
You must be there
at the exact moment
of the second phase
of the planetary alignment.
You must hurry.
You have very little time.
And as the planets
move into alignment,
the world will be
in great danger,
for the secret society
known as the Illuminati,
devious dangerous men,
who seek to fulfill
an ancient prophecy
by reuniting the two halves
and attaining the triangle’s
awesome and terrible powers.
This you must prevent
at all costs.
So, Lara, I am asking you
to complete my work.
To find and destroy
both halves of the triangle.
How are you going
to get to Cambodia
and get the clock back
in 15 hours?
I’ll be calling in
a favor.
What kind of favor?
Well, that is a secret.
If I told you,
I’d have to kill you.
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
Lady Croft, are you
on target? Over.
Right on target.
Thank you, boys.
Over and out.
LARA:
Ah, Mr. Powell.
How predictable.
Alex West.
What are you doing here?
(BEEPS)
(WORKERS CHANTING)
We have 72 minutes
to the next alignment.
We have to work faster.
Come on, guys!
(WORKERS CHANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
ALEX: Come on, guys!
Come on, pull!
Pull! It’s coming!
(ALL CHEERING)
Good.
(BIRDS SQUAWKING)
(GIGGLES)
So, uh, any sign
of Lady Croft?
Not yet.
Lara’s overrated.
She’s good,
don’t get me wrong,
but she’s in it
for the glory,
whereas I’m in it
for the money.
Fortunately.
Into the belly
of the beast.
And out of
the demon’s ass.
(GIRLS GIGGLING)
(GIGGLING)
(GIRL GIGGLING)
Jasmine.
(RUMBLING)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
Wow.
(PANTING)
Remember,
what we are looking for
is hidden not only in space,
but also in time.
The clock is the key.
My God!
"Return the iron
to the stone’s embrace,
"the wheel of heaven
will turn.
"Exhume the light
from its watery grave,
"to receive
the gift of heaven
"as you are condemned
to the depths of hell."
Right. So, pretty much
touch anything and you get
your head chopped off.
POWELL:
We have two minutes,
Mr. West.
You’re the tomb raider.
Figure it out.
Mr. West,
tempus fugit.
Yes, "time flies."
ALEX:
It’s the swords!
Come on, guys, get up here.
Give me a hand here.
That’s it. Come on.
Coming down.
I want them all down.
Take them, carry them
across the ladders.
Come on, guys,
let’s hustle.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
ALEX:
All right, now slide them
into the slots over there.
POWELL:
We place the clock here at
the exact moment of alignment.
ALEX: Come on, let’s go!
Move it!
Too slow, ladies,
too slow. Come on.
ALEX: That’s it.
Count it down.
The timing
needs to be exact.
No shit.
ALEX:
Sixty seconds to go.
59, 58, 57,
56, 55, 54,
53, 52, 51...
Fifty seconds.
LARA: Mr. Powell!
Cease fire!
Hold your fire!
(BLOWS)
Keep counting.
You’re making
a big mistake!
41, 40...
Oh, Alex West.
39...
38...
Hey, Lara, 37...
Tourist visa?
No, I’m working.
Lady Croft, tell me,
is there a good reason
why I kept you alive?
(ALEX CONTINUES COUNTING)
Yes.
That is not the true eye.
This is the true eye.
It’s not, actually.
It’s a mirror image.
Miss Croft, I think you’re
trying to cheat me out of
my little ray of sunshine.
Why would I try
and cheat you
out of anything now?
I need you to get the piece
so I can steal it
from you later.
You’re bluffing.
Julius, make a mental note,
kill Miss Croft if she
attempts any such thing.
Yes, sir, Mr. Powell.
We can do it my way,
or we can all come back in
time for the next alignment,
and you are welcome
to try and kill me then.
In, oh,
say another 5,000 years.
12, 11,
10,
nine, eight,
seven, six,
five, four,
three,
two,
one...
Zero.
(RUMBLING)
Well, I guess
she was right.
The log must pierce
the urn.
Come on!
ALEX:
It’s slowing down.
It’s never gonna make it.
(GRUNTS)
No.
(GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
Pure light,
fire and water.
(ALL SCREAM)
(GRUNTS)
Croft!
Ow!
(PANICKED MURMURING)
Get the clock.
Got it.
(GROWLING)
(ALL GROWLING)
(SCREAMING)
(SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY)
(ROARING)
(GUN CLICKING)
Ah! (EXCLAIMS)
(ROARING CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMING)
(RUMBLING)
(CLANGING)
(CHUCKLES)
(ROARING)
(SCREECHING)
(YELLING)
(LOCALS SHOUTING)
(GUNFIRE)
(PANTING)
ALEX:
Hold it right there!
(GUN COCKS)
Lara, give it up.
Are you going
to shoot me, Alex?
(SPEAKING CAMBODIAN)
My phone is wet.
(CHUCKLES)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Yes?
Ah, Lady Croft.
How are you?
Alive.
And kicking, I hope.
Hmm. And you?
Superlative.
Of course, I digress.
You have my half
of the triangle.
And you have
my father’s clock.
Listen, my dear.
Without each other we are
quite useless at this point.
We should reevaluate
our positions.
Like it or not, you and I
are in business together.
We should have
a business meeting.
You mean you’d love to
have another opportunity
to try and kill me.
Oh, that’s harsh.
But perhaps.
Wait and see.
Come to Venice,
via Dolorosa.
Wonderful.
Bye then.
Harder.
MAN: (ON TV)
Here it comes.
Hide, everybody.
Look out.
It’s some sort of machine.
(PHONE RINGS)
LARA: (OVER PHONE)
Bryce? Bryce, it’s me.
Hello?
(TV MUTES)
Bryce, it’s Lara.
I found the temple.
Ran into Mr. Powell.
(SIGHS)
Did you get the clock?
No, but I got
the first piece.
Oh, beautiful, smashing.
Seems I’m level pegging
with Mr. Powell.
Well, won’t he just
want to kill you now?
No, silly.
His problem is that he needs
the piece that I have.
Until then,
I’m his new best friend.
What about the other half?
The final alignment is
in 66 hours and 53 minutes,
and we’ve still got no idea
where the second piece
is hidden.
He’s going to tell me
where the second piece is.
He will?
Bryce, trust me.
Pack for Venice.
Pack for where?
Hello? Lara?
(DIAL TONE)
(SCOFFS) Bye then.
(ALL CHATTERING)
(CHANTING IN DISTANCE)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(CHANTING STOPS)
Drink.
Rest.
There’s no rest
for the wicked.
You got what you came for?
I did, yes.
Too bad.
Bad for the world.
The world is safe now.
Hmm. Little bit safer,
perhaps,
because you will go on.
Your father said
you will never give up.
My father?
You knew my father?
Now, drink.
Finish your tea.
It tastes quite bad.
(LAUGHS)
But it is good for you, see?
(BELL RINGING)
Good evening.
You’re with the Illuminati.
Beg your pardon?
There’s no such thing.
It’s just a bedtime story.
Illuminati.
The people of the light.
Ah.
Have you brought
my triangle?
No, of course you haven’t.
You’ve hidden it somewhere.
Well, you can keep
the triangle you have,
and I will keep
your father’s clock,
and we can be partners.
Who sits here?
We can be partners
and go for the big prize...
The triangle of light.
Yes, but who sits here?
It’s an incredible dream,
an awesome power.
It could set right
so many wrongs.
I don’t think
you sit here, do you?
I sit here,
on God’s right hand,
as it were.
Hmm.
In fact, I now sit...
...exactly where
your father sat.
You’re lying.
No.
No, he mentored me
in the order.
It was truly an honor.
I don’t believe you.
My father was not
with the Illuminati.
He would have told me.
He had a great many secrets.
Not from me.
Especially from you.
I know what you want, Lara.
Oh, I doubt it.
Another life with your father,
a second chance.
It’ll be within
my power to give.
The triangle gives
its possessor...
...the power of God,
to move back and forth
through time, undo the past.
Help me, and you will get
what I know you want.
To have your father
returned to you.
And how do I know
once I gave you
that piece,
that you wouldn’t then
just try to kill me?
Would it make it
easier for you
on more familiar ground,
if I killed you now?
Will you reconsider?
(DOOR CLOSING)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPS) Scusi, signora.
(WHIMPERING)
(GROANS)
Hello, Alex.
I suppose you think
I’m a greedy,
unscrupulous sellout
and do just about
anything for money.
Yes, that’s right.
Well, the money bit’s true,
I guess.
Is it, Alex?
If you cross me, we may not
be able to remain friends.
Hmm.
Always a pleasure.
(SIGHS)
Now for a cold shower.
PIMMS: I think
we’re in big trouble.
Hold this, will you?
Thank you.
They already think that
we have Lady Croft’s
piece of the triangle.
Yes. They think it’s in that
box you’re carrying right now.
Is it?
Why don’t you worry
about something else?
Of course it’s not.
PIMMS: Uh, I don’t understand.
What chance of success
do we have without the piece?
Zero.
Don’t dwell on it.
Ah, Lady Croft.
What a nice surprise.
Thank you.
Now, time to save
the universe again then,
is it?
Absolutely.
(SIGHS)
Are we sure
she’s really necessary?
Well, one tomb raider
is good. Two, better.
Me bum’s gone to sleep again,
all down the left cheek.
Really?
That’s fascinating.
How much longer?
A few hours.
We have to take
the last hour over land.
Helicopters won’t fly
near the ruined city.
It’s a dead zone.
(NATIVES SHOUTING)
(SHOUTING, CHATTERING
CONTINUES)
(DOGS BARKING)
We take all doggies, da?
Much-o U.S. Greenback, da.
All doggies.
Spasiba.
(DOG WHINING)
(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
(SPEAKING RUSSIAN)
(DOGS BARKING)
(RUSSIAN ON RADIO)
(GROANING, GRUNTING)
Welcome to the dead zone.
(SHOUTING IN RUSSIAN)
(GRUNTS)
It’s not a country.
It’s an ice cube!
(BARKING)
Come on!
(TONE RESONATES)
(GROANS)
(ALL GASP)
(DOGS CONTINUE BARKING)
All right. Let’s go.
Go on, get it!
Holy shit.
It’s a time storm.
Time is broken here.
We must find the eye!
All of you! Hurry!
We’re running out of time!
Hurry! Hurry!
(DOGS WHIMPERING)
It’s begun.
Fifty bucks says
the piece is inside the sun.
(SCREAMING)
(YELLING)
(GRUNTS, YELLS)
GENTLEMAN:
For God’s sake, hurry!
The eclipse will be over
in a few minutes!
Alex, give me the clock.
I know what to do.
Lara!
(GRUNTING)
Has she got the piece?
(WHIMPERING, HOWLING)
We will now unite
these two parts...
The past and the present.
At last,
we of the Illuminati,
will control time and
fulfill the sacred promise
to our ancestors.
Soon, the entire world
will bow...
Enough of this twaddle.
Come on! Come on!
(GRUNTING)
Not quite what you hoped for,
Mr. Powell?
Oh, Lara,
I have a gut instinct
about this.
After all, you are
the daughter of a genius.
Let me test my theory.
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
You had to let him go.
No more bubbles.
You show me how to
complete the triangle,
we can change his fate.
If you deliver me
the power of God,
I will spare him.
It’s only a little trip
back in time.
But I’m pretty sure you’ve
figured out the answer
to the, um, problem.
And then, of course,
there’s the loss
of your father.
I can change that.
You’d better be
ready for this.
Unhook your laser sight.
Do it.
"To see a world
in a grain of sand."
Lara!
(YELLING)
Daddy?
Lara.
Is this real?
It is a crossing...
...of my past
and your present.
Why did you not tell me
about the Illuminati?
You were only a child.
You could have written
in your journals.
You never mentioned it.
Not once.
Lara, I burst to
tell you everything.
But in the fierceness
of my own battles,
I strove to tell you only
that which would inspire you
and keep you safe.
I love you so much.
But I’ve missed you.
And I have missed you.
I know why you came here.
Why you took
the power of the light.
But this must not happen.
Why?
Why can’t we use
the power just this once?
Why can’t you stay?
We can’t change time.
But time was stolen from us...
And it’s not fair.
No, it’s not fair.
But you have stolen
time itself,
and you must give it back.
You must destroy
the triangle.
Suddenly I feel so alone.
You’re never alone.
I am with you always,
just as I’ve always been.
No!
(GRUNTS)
SOLDIER: Move out!
(GROANING)
(MOANING)
POWELL: Lara!
Wait!
Your father begged
for his life when we
caught him betraying us.
He pleaded like a baby.
Surrender.
Never.
He seemed particularly
concerned that I shouldn’t...
Take this.
Lara, no!
The place is coming down!
This is insane!
Get them out of here.
You just hurry.
(CHUCKLING)
There you go.
Safe and sound.
No guns.
(GROANING)
(RUMBLING)
Uh-huh.
(LAUGHING)
(HUMMING)
Oh, my God!
Quiet.
What?
(DOOR OPENS)
Hmm.
(TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Where’s your head at?
♪ Where’s your head at
Where’s your head at?
♪ Where’s your head at?
♪ Don’t let the walls
cave in on you
♪ We can’t live on
live on without you
♪ Don’t let the walls
cave in on you
♪ We can’t live on
live on without you
♪ Don’t let the walls
cave in on you
♪ You get what you give
That much is true
♪ Don’t let the walls
cave in on you
♪ You turned the world
away from you
♪ Where’s your head at?
Where’s your head at?
♪ Where’s it at?
♪ Where’s your...
♪ Go, go, go
♪ Where’s your head at?
♪ What you give
is what you get
♪ Is what you get
Is what you get ♪
(MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Elevation
♪ Whoo-whoo
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo
♪ I am the messiah
You shoot me from a gun
♪ I need you
to elevate me here
♪ The corner of your lips
Is the orbit of your hips
♪ Eclipse
They elevate my soul
♪ I’ve got no self-control
Been livin’ like a mole
♪ Goin’ down
Excavation
♪ I lie in the sky
♪ You make me feel
like I can fly so high
♪ Elevation
♪ Whoo-whoo
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo
Elevation
♪ Elevation
♪ Whoo-whoo
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo
Elevation, babe
♪ Whoo-whoo
Whoo-whoo-whoo
♪ Elevation ♪